The supplementary material for our submission "Synthesizing Efficient Programs through Annotated Elimination of Intermediate Data Structures", which includes the appendix `appendix.pdf`, our evaluation results, and our implementation of AutoElim.

**Evaluation Results**

All evaluation results are stored in folder `run`. The results reported in our paper can be generated by running `python3 evaluate.py` under this folder. The other files under this folder are organized as follows.
1. The performance of each solver is summarized in `result/*.json`, where the synthesis status (fail or success) and the time cost are recorded. 
2. The synthesis tasks are provided in `input`, where sub-folders `AutoElim`, `AutoLifter`, `Sketch`, and `Synduce` correspond to the input files of AutoElim, AutoLifter, Sketch, and Synduce, respectively. 
3. The synthesis result of *AutoElim* are provided in `output`, where sub-folders `autolifter`, `fusion` and `synduce` corresponds to tasks collected from source "Paradigm", "Deductive", and "Recursion", respectively.

Besides, the templates we implemented for algorithmic paradigms considered by AutoLifter can be found in the input files under folder `run/input/AutoElim/autolifter`.

**Source Code**

Our source code is stored in folder `src`, where `src/core` implements AutoElim in C++, and `src/surface` implements our annotation language (including the type system and the evaluation) in OCaml.

In detail, the implementation of AutoElim in `src/core` is organized as follows.

| Directory  |               Description                |
| :--------: | :--------------------------------------: |
|  `basic`   | Those basic data structures required to describe a synthesis task, such as values (`values`), semantics (`semantics`), and programs (`program`). |
| `executor` |    The entrance of invoking AutoElim.    |
|  `incre`   | The core of AutoElim, where `analysis` extracts hole-wise examples, `autolabel` implemented the annotation generator, `solve` implements the iterative synthesis scheme and the application of VarElim, and  `grammar` generates the program spaces used in synthesis. |
| `include`  |   The head files of this C++ project.    |
|  `solver`  | The implementation of `polygen`, which is used to synthesize sketch holes from separate input-output examples. |
